Use KOKKOS_CLASS_LAMBDA via ARBORX_CLASS_LAMBDA (#740)
arborx/ArborX: CMakeLists.txt

find_package(Kokkos 3.5 REQUIRED CONFIG)
message(STATUS "Found Kokkos: ${Kokkos_DIR} (version \"${Kokkos_VERSION}\")")
if(Kokkos_CXX_STANDARD AND Kokkos_CXX_STANDARD LESS 17)

>   message(FATAL_ERROR "ArborX requires KOkkos to be built with >=C++17 support!")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message(FATAL_ERROR "ArborX requires Kokkos to be built with C++17 (or later).")
```
